------------------------01/12/2025-----------------------
It's a good day.
It's warm outside.
The sunshine is somewhat hot.

CET6 is coming.
But don't worry.
Just be better little by little, to the end.

----
The people in Github are so cute
Some use markdown file
----
----
They share many good things

He share website and learning tools relevant to Japan
https://github.com/NoHeartPen/awesome-japanese-study-tools

This is another one's learning Japanese
https://github.com/sangjiexun/japanese_study_for_programmer


A friend also learns AI in the github.
He loves the spirit of sharing.
That's so good.
----
----
The world is so beautiful
But living is hard
When can I have a rest?

Now prepare for CET6
That is a small challenge
Can I do it?
Even though I do it or not do it, it doesn't matter
It can help me get to the end.
I want the end.
No more thinking.
No more worry.
----
----
Soon I can arrive at the ending
I should learn many things and do many things
And they will feel good
Then I finish my life mission
My good friend may be able to know this
And I don't want to do anything more.
I want to rest.
Maybe end the life, if I'm tired of the world
Now I'm also tired, but my mission hasn't been finished
They won't be happy
I want to see the fresh outside world
I want my good friend to know me again
He's just a little boy, but I always forget this point
And being admitted into Tokyo is so hard.
It's enough if I can do it.
Don't want to do anything more.
Can't do more difficult things.
I want to rest.
Don't want think anyone anything anymore
My good friend, I'm so tired.
Bye.
----
----
My good friend is older than me only several days
But we keep friendship only 3 years
Two good friends younger than me, but so smart
Two another good friends are also smart, and are kind to me even if I'm wrong.
My one two three four five friends are all smart and cute

But sorry,
I don't want to feel or think anymore

All I need to do is finish my life mission

Being admitted to the world-class Univ. is enough.
Everyone will be happy.
----
----
So miserable to think about these relationship or those things on the eyes
Living is miserable
Having good friends is miserable
His leaving is also miserable
Anything is miserable
Only death can end the thinking
Nothing can be perfect
Lost too many precious things
Only sadness left and precious people no more coming back
Only death can make everything perfect
Only ending the bad life of mine can make the world better
The last thing to do is get admitted into Tokyo Univ.
The sooner the better
You should do more useful things everyday

Achieving the goal signifies so much; finally, everything can come to an end. That's a great relief.
And my good friend will also feel good even if he doesn't want see and hear me anymore.
And I want to end the thinking.
It's endless and restless.
I don't want to think anymore
OK,let's start the loong dream from now
It's a loong dream to arrive at the end
----
----
goodnight
no more thinking
sleep
----
----
------------------------02/12/2025-----------------------
listen some boring lesson
anyhow, in the end, I'll go away
After death, nothing seemed to matter any more.
It's all the same now.I'm past caring.Anything goes.

during the boring lesson，cannot do homework
or I'll miss the boring lecture
try to think about the boring questions
which I don't know how to think
like every question I've met

I'll meet many such questions till the death

The teacher is just reading the script on the slides

Even in this situation, we must cope and find a way forward. International students face significant language barriers in lectures—from not understanding English and technical jargon to grasping complex concepts. It takes courage to participate. Success depends on finding the right coping strategies, whether through intense study of lecture notes or taking necessary, yet unpleasant, steps. This need for effective action is universal, regardless of the course.

Keep moving forward; progress is the only way to the answer, and to peace.
----
----
The only way to let my good friend know me again

The only thing to do

The only target to achieve

My good friend knows, that's enough

This is difficult enough

But the only and the last thing I want to do

After that, I can die alone

Anyway, I can never see you again, and after all, you despise me.

Yes.It's right.

All is so virtual

Game will be over.

Make some money for my family and then leave

My five friends are so cute

If I can see my good friend again

But he lives happily, that's enough

But four friends will be sad

If I can go away accidentally

that's good

----
----
Now I should preview the lesson content in the afternoon
And soon it's yesterday
And submit my paper homework to the spot
Not forget to take the lesson
----

